Issue 735: Fix truncation slicing when t < truncation (#736)
epiforecasts/EpiNow2: NEWS.md

- a bug was fixed that caused delay option functions to report an error if only the tolerance was specified. By @sbfnk in #716 and reviewed by @jamesmbaazam.
- a bug was fixed where `forecast_secondary()` did not work with fixed delays. By @sbfnk in #717 and reviewed by @seabbs.
- a bug was fixed that caused delay option functions to report an error if only the tolerance was specified. By @sbfnk.

> - a bug was fixed that led to the truncation PMF being shorten from the wrong side when the truncation PMF was longer than the supplied data. By @seabbs in #736 and reviewed by @sbfnk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a bug was fixed that led to the truncation PMF being shortened from the wrong side when the truncation PMF was longer than the supplied data. By @seabbs in #736 and reviewed by @sbfnk and @jamesmbaazam.
```
